# The Server's Best Response in M/M/s queueing systems

Although there have been a lot of literature trying to maximum the employers' profit or customers' satisfaction, only few literature works on behalf of the workers' benefits. In this project, we built a M/M/s system to study the best response of a server to maximize the server's profit. We assume that the queue is visible to the server and thus the server knows the queue's length and adjusts the work effort (high/low) accordingly. High/low effort takes more/less cost to the server. The server's payment is calculated by the number of customers that are processed in the system.   

The server's net profit is analyzed in both a single queue system and a double queues system. In a single queue system, the simulation results turn out that the server's optimal choice is to choose low effort to process the customers when the queue's length is shorter than 5, otherwise use high effort. In a double queues system, the two servers have 6 possible strategies. By comparing the results of 6 strategies, we found that although the lower effort server always gets more profit than the other server in one simulation, the server's best response from the perspective of his/her most benefit, is to use varying effort. The server can only get most profit using low effort if the other server uses varying effort. Otherwise, varying effort always gives the server most benefit no matter which effort the other server chooses. 

The queueing system was converted from https://github.com/tkralphs/PyQueueSim/blob/master/QueueSim.py.
